Connectors on Operator to connect to Confluent Cloud (#28)
confluentinc/operator-earlyaccess: ccloud-integration/README.rst

  
#. Check that the Confluent Operator pod comes up and is running:

   ::
     
     kubectl get pods

============================
Deploy configuration secrets
============================

Provide a Root Certificate Authority
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Confluent Operator provides auto-generated certificates for Confluent Platform
components to use for inter-component TLS. You'll need to generate and provide a
Root Certificate Authority (CA).

#. Generate a CA pair to use in this tutorial:

   ::

     openssl genrsa -out $TUTORIAL_HOME/ca-key.pem 2048
    
   ::

     openssl req -new -key $TUTORIAL_HOME/ca-key.pem -x509 \
       -days 1000 \
       -out $TUTORIAL_HOME/ca.pem \
       -subj "/C=US/ST=CA/L=MountainView/O=Confluent/OU=Operator/CN=TestCA"

#. Create a Kuebernetes secret for inter-component TLS:

   ::

     kubectl create secret tls ca-pair-sslcerts \
       --cert=$TUTORIAL_HOME/ca.pem \
       --key=$TUTORIAL_HOME/ca-key.pem

Provide authentication credentials
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Confluent Cloud provides an user and API key for both Kafka and Schema Registry. You'll need to get these,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confluent Cloud provides you and API key for both Kafka and Schema Registry.
```

> and configure Confluent Operator to use them to configure Connect and KsqlDB to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Confluent Operator to use the API key when setting up Connect and KsqlDB to connect.
```

> #. Create a Kubernetes secret object for Confluent Cloud Kafka access.

Reviewer: There is only one step. Can we remove the ordered list?

   This secret object contains file based properties. These files are in the
   format that each respective Confluent component requires for authentication
   credentials.

   ::
   
     kubectl create secret generic cloud-plain \
      --from-file=plain.txt=$TUTORIAL_HOME/creds-client-kafka-sasl-user.txt

   ::
   
     kubectl create secret generic cloud-sr-access \
      --from-file=basic.txt=$TUTORIAL_HOME/creds-schemaRegistry-user-mine.txt
   
   ::
   
     kubectl create secret generic control-center-user \
      --from-file=basic.txt=$TUTORIAL_HOME/creds-control-center-users.txt

=========================
Deploy Confluent Platform
=========================

> Edit the `confluent-platform.yaml` deployment YAML, and add your respective Confluent Cloud URLs in the following places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the ``confluent-platform.yaml`` deployment YAML, and add your respective Confluent Cloud URLs in the following places:
```

> - `<cloudSR_url>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``<cloudSR_url>``
```

> - `<cloudKafka_url>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``<cloudKafka_url>``
```
